Validate_injection environment is used in order to validate the fault_injection script. Two steps are performed in it:
	1)Using a simple circuit, 2 or and 1 xor from the original library, a fault injection script is written and the results are provided in some reports.
	2)Using the same circuit, with a modified library in order to fix the fanout problem, a new fault injection script is written and new reports are generated.

In all these reports there are golden simulation and all the faulty simulation for each fault.
Let's describe and compare these different reports in the different reports:
	1)In this step the generated reports by the first injection_script are:
		a)report_fi_check: It is used a circuit written without the logic_gate from the library cell and all the signals of the circuit are reported in order to demonstrate how the fault injection
		script operates in a good way comparing the golden simulation with each faulty simulation.
		b)report_100: A sequence of test vectors generated by Tetramax is applied to the circuit,giving the 100% of the fault coverage, through the TB and running the flow(described in the pulpino_environment,more or less is the same)
		and comparing the golden simulation with all faulty simulations the diff files are all not empty, so the fault_coverage of 100% is got.
		c)report_constr_a_85_71: same of before but using a different sequence of patterns that provide 85,71 % of the fault coverage.
	2)In this step the generated reports with the new fault_injection script, caused by the modified library,are:
		-report_100_mod_libr and report_85_mod_libr(with the same 2 different patterns of before) are generated running the flow and comparing them with, respectively, report_100 and report_constr_a_85_71
		we obtain:
			- check_libr and check_libr_85 where all the files are empty: it show how the two injection scripts with different libraries on the same circuit and the circuits with differently libraries work correctly.
		
		